gulli presents
as well
it was
we are not the relaxed as well as the
warrior and the man between men the
cherry blossom and the flower between
sisters as if for
what do you have a samurai get
must be moved before his was
maps and canvases fault or you do not lose
but you
easy
and
so the master was upset because
you not manage to cry at all is
sigh when I do not care you
it's good then go ahead
no there I think and I have to church
is not my case now that these
little posts I do not remember so much
I had to scorer guy not cry that's it
and to savor he can not cry from
taste buds to serve his master
slim then there on tamag weet us
let's go some trumps some kg is the
briefcase it's gone for a
demonstration does he see my dear olive
crying a good blow can relieve
an emotional overflow and tobago is
unable anymore there how are we going
do professors reassure you I'm the
sushi of the situation just
to activate the lacrimal glands of this
individual by any means hugo
current are those which allow
crying but pretty hard-hitting place to
tears attempt but robin the pain
approach
I have something to say is because his
case is difficult
the chemical reaction and although we get
asked if you understood the cat was
said yesterday during the sale all because
that we have a little trouble supporting
of course it starts like that
this complicates
the
this is the last attempt teachers
are we going to fail for the first time
that's what you feel the suspense is
unsustainable but I kept my
best technique for the end my weapon
secret say it
there the guy answers me but what does
you are not raising him I answer him
and showers and farmed tuna
change your tone you say change
all this is going to be complicated bluefin tuna
it does not feel you sir to the limit
if I was a man read
not first içki free also skeptical
a good woman someone a problem
problem
go go thanks to August finally was able to
cry
behind with pleasure but that's it
can you stop now I believe he
can no longer was that of tic at that the
force of the present that the signal
is only to nico students will have to
put an apple to fall back bill in
the village the great ecology
incredible pitiful we asked
catches up with maintenance
but awesome collar to loose the niger--
will
but what do you have now we are
that we will not eat everything but stop
both play if you saw in
sacred assemblies there will never get
will never be savored he can not steal his
guitar and listen to my exhausted mom at
risk bull 6th
the humic pouch that you made to
negotiate how to go about it
since when the alarm clock was also toro
and so that's when his petals
service flowers and deposited on your
head that you have agreed and
yeah like like
that you evoke the flower supervisors
I will meet the backup echo
butt that but after you see again
to say that his death is too samurai
how boy do you see that it's not
possible a layer is so tight that I
lot would come to prove to the world
leave at the end maybe it's also
for some bushido
you are not going to tell others that I
just said
to respect the medical secret we a
tank you your mails and empathy and
nothing at all I feel much better
thank you very much no no cry
it is that the core i7 but for
thank him for his generosity is
we propose that you come from logic
your stomach
it's a tie
then the blette it's been ten minutes
we are here and it still does not matter
after all that happened
wrongly I tell you I feel that it goes up
it's okay you 're shenanigans or
love you as you are alone
buzy available on channel 18 of the
free tnt